README.md, before:

#### All of my <u>Algorithms</u> coded in <i><u>Java</u></i> are here
#### I'm using <u><i>JUnit</i></u> to test all of it

---

#### Todos os meus <u>Algoritmos</u> programados em <i><u>Java</u></i> estão aqui

#### Estou utilizando <u><i>JUnit</i></u> para testar todos

---

- ##### [Sorting Algorithms](src/main/java/sort)
  - ##### [Insertion Sort](src/main/java/sort/InsertionSort.java) - [Tests](src/test/java/sort/InsertionSortingTest.java)
  - ##### [Selection Sort](src/main/java/sort/SelectionSort.java) - [Tests](src/test/java/sort/SelectionSortingTest.java)
- ##### [Binary Search Algorithm](src/main/java/binary_search) - [Tests](src/test/java/binary_search/BinarySearchTest.java)
- ##### [Search and Insertion Position](src/main/java/search_insertion_position) - [Tests](src/test/java/search_insertion_position/SearchInsertionPositionTest.java)
- ##### [Squares of a Sorted Array](src/main/java/squares_of_a_sorted_array) - [Tests](src/test/java/squares_of_a_sorted_array/SquaresOfASortedArrayTest.java)
- ##### [Two Sum](src/main/java/two_sum) - [Tests](src/test/java/two_sum/TwoSumTest.java)
- ##### [Single Number](src/main/java/single_number) - [Tests](src/test/java/single_number/SingleNumberTest.java)
- ##### [Majority Element](src/main/java/majority_element) - [Tests](src/test/java/majority_element/MajorityElementTest.java)
- ##### [Build Array from Permutation](src/main/java/build_array_from_permutation) - [Tests](src/test/java/build_array_from_permutation/BuildArrayFromPermutationTest.java)
- ##### [Concatenation of Array](src/main/java/concatenation_of_araray) - [Tests](src/test/java/concatenation_of_array/ConcatenationOfArrayTest.java)
- ##### [Sum of 1d Array](src/main/java/running_sum_of_1d_array) - [Tests](src/test/java/running_sum_of_1d_array/RunningSumOf1dArrayTest.java)
- ##### [Shuffle String](src/main/java/shuffle_string) - [Tests](src/test/java/shuffle_string/ShuffleStringTest.java)

<br />

<img src="images/junit5.png" width="600px" />

<img src="images/leetcode.png" width="600px" />

Commit message:

Number of steps to reduce a number to zero

README.md, after:

#### All of my <u>Algorithms</u> coded in <i><u>Java</u></i> are here
#### I'm using <u><i>JUnit</i></u> to test all of it

---

#### Todos os meus <u>Algoritmos</u> programados em <i><u>Java</u></i> estão aqui

#### Estou utilizando <u><i>JUnit</i></u> para testar todos

---

- ##### [Sorting Algorithms](src/main/java/sort)
  - ##### [Insertion Sort](src/main/java/sort/InsertionSort.java) - [Tests](src/test/java/sort/InsertionSortingTest.java)
  - ##### [Selection Sort](src/main/java/sort/SelectionSort.java) - [Tests](src/test/java/sort/SelectionSortingTest.java)
- ##### [Binary Search Algorithm](src/main/java/binary_search) - [Tests](src/test/java/binary_search/BinarySearchTest.java)
- ##### [Search and Insertion Position](src/main/java/search_insertion_position) - [Tests](src/test/java/search_insertion_position/SearchInsertionPositionTest.java)
- ##### [Squares of a Sorted Array](src/main/java/squares_of_a_sorted_array) - [Tests](src/test/java/squares_of_a_sorted_array/SquaresOfASortedArrayTest.java)
- ##### [Two Sum](src/main/java/two_sum) - [Tests](src/test/java/two_sum/TwoSumTest.java)
- ##### [Number of Steps to Reduce a Number to Zero](src/main/java/number_of_steps_to_reduce_a_number_to_zero) - [Tests](src/test/java/number_of_steps_to_reduce_a_number_to_zero/NumberOfStepsToReduceANumberToZeroTest.java)
- ##### [Single Number](src/main/java/single_number) - [Tests](src/test/java/single_number/SingleNumberTest.java)
- ##### [Majority Element](src/main/java/majority_element) - [Tests](src/test/java/majority_element/MajorityElementTest.java)
- ##### [Build Array from Permutation](src/main/java/build_array_from_permutation) - [Tests](src/test/java/build_array_from_permutation/BuildArrayFromPermutationTest.java)
- ##### [Concatenation of Array](src/main/java/concatenation_of_araray) - [Tests](src/test/java/concatenation_of_array/ConcatenationOfArrayTest.java)
- ##### [Sum of 1d Array](src/main/java/running_sum_of_1d_array) - [Tests](src/test/java/running_sum_of_1d_array/RunningSumOf1dArrayTest.java)
- ##### [Shuffle String](src/main/java/shuffle_string) - [Tests](src/test/java/shuffle_string/ShuffleStringTest.java)

<br />

<img src="images/junit5.png" width="600px" />

<img src="images/leetcode.png" width="600px" />
